Closes #2532 Update Forumula for Body Surface Area (#2541)
pharmaverse/admiral: NEWS.md

`AVALCATx` & `AVALCAxN`. (#2480)
- New function `derive_vars_crit_flag()` for deriving criterion flag variables
(`CRITy`, `CRITyFL`, `CRITyFLN`). (#2468)
- Replace use of `data("sdtm")` with `sdtm <- pharmaverse::sdtm` in templates and vignettes. (#2498)

## Updates of Existing Functions

> - `compute_bsa(height, weight, method` - now uses improved version of DuBois-DuBois forumula for bsa (#2532)

Reviewer: The wording could confuse users because they may assume that the results are different now.

Either we should state that the results are still the same or we shouldn't add a NEWS entry because the change is not user-facing.

@bms63 , what do you think?

Reviewer 2: I think if no change for the user then lets suppress it from user-facing notes.  

@jimrothstein lets move it to developer notes just so we remember when we updated - for posterity!

<summary>Developer Notes</summary>

- Adopted `data-raw/data` R Package Convention (#2427)

> - `compute_bsa(height, weight, method` - now uses improved version of DuBois-DuBois forumula for bsa (#2532)  

Reviewer 2: So not burying it in the developer notes?  I think telling users might be a better idea now that I am thinking about it

> - `compute_bsa(height, weight, method` - now uses improved version of DuBois-DuBois forumula for bsa (#2532)  

Reviewer: I would keep it in the developer notes because the change doesn't affect the users.

I agree with Jeff that we should make it clear that the results are still the same. Otherwise, it may unsettle our users.

What about the following?
```suggestion
- `compute_bsa()` now uses the more common (but equivalent) version of the DuBois-DuBois formula for BSA. The results have not changed. (#2532)  
```
